 Link to finished codepen: https://codepen.io/SeanCannon/pen/mdPddXm
   
   
    1. What is Semantic HTML? correct use of html to reinforce the meaning of the content. so search engines and screen readers can know the intent of hte page.

    2. What is HTML used for? To give a webpage structure

    3. What is an attribute and where do we put it? such as href=, goes in the start tag <>

    4. What is the h1 tag used for? How many times should I use it on a page? the main title of the page, use once

    5. Name two tags that have required attributes img and a

    6. What do we put in the head of our HTML document? metadata

    7. What is an id? unique name used once for a specific element

    8. What elements can I add an id to? any

    9. How many times can I use the same id on a page? once

    10. What is a class? like an idea, cbut can be used to define more than one elemenet on a page

    11. What elements can I add a class to? any

    12. How many times can I use the same class on a page? as many times as you need to

    13. How do I get my link to open in a new tab? add target="_blank" attribute to anchor tags

    14. What is the alt attribute in the image tag used for? to add text to an image incase image cant be displayed and for screen readers

    15. How do I reference an id? #id

    16. What is the difference between a section and a divSection is semnatic, it describes the layout. Div is more structural

    17. What is CSS used for? style

    18. How to we select an element? Example - every h2 on the page h2{}


    19. What is the difference between a class and an id? - Give me an example of when I might use each one A class is used to style more than one elements. And id for when you want to specifically idenetify just one element seperate from the others

    20. How do we select classes in CSS? .class

    21. How do we select a p element with a single class of “human””? p. human

    22. What is a parent child selector? When would this be useful? It allows you to specifically select the child of a parent element. allows for spcificity in styling

    23. How do you select all links within a div with the class of sidebar? .sidebar{}

    24. What is a pseudo selector? such as a:hover

    25. What do we use the change the spacing between lines? line-height:

    26. What do we use to change the spacing between letters? letter-spacing:

    27. What do we use to to change everything to CAPITALS? lowercase? Capitalize? text-transform:uppercase, lowercase, capitalize

    28. How do I add a 1px border around my div that is dotted and black? border:1px dotted black;

    29. How do I select everything on the page? *{}

    30. How do I write a comment in CSS? /* commnet */

    31. How do I find out what file I am in, when I am using the command line? pwd

    32. Using the command line - how do I see a list of files/folders in my current folder? ls

    33. How do I remove a file via the command line? Why do I have to be careful with this? rm, no confirmation is given so be careful

    34. Why should I use version control? to easily revert

    35. How often should I commit to github? often, 20 minutes or so

    36. What is the command we would use to push our repo up to github? git push -u origin branch-name
   
    37. Walk me through Lambda's git flow. Fork - collab - clone - branch - add - commit - push - pull request


Stretch Questions

    1. What is the difference between an inline element and a block element? An inline element can set height and width, block adjusts to all available size on a new line.

    2. What happens when an element is positioned absolutely? It stays put regardless of other elements
 
    3. How do I make an element take up only the amount of space it needs but also have the ability to give it a width? use inline-block and define the width

    4. Name 3 elements that are diplay block by default, 2 elements that are display inline by default and 1 element that is display inline-block by default block = <div> <h1> <p> inline = <span> <a> inline-block <button>

    5. In your own words, explain the box model. What is the "fix" for the box model, in other words, how do we make all elements respect the width we've given them? A box that wraps around every HTML element. Use border-box to fix teh spacing issues